# Privacy Policy
LapSplit was built by Michael Kruppa as a free app. This Service is provided by Michael Kruppa at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service, the LapSplit app.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Template Generator](https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/) and [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/).

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, found [here](https://github.com/2020mkruppa/LapSplitPublic/blob/master/Terms%20and%20Conditions.md), unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service and for future development, we collect anonymous information about your interaction with LapSplit. The information that we collect is not personally identifiable and cannot be used to contact or identify you, and will not be shared with any outside parties. The legal basis for data processing is for research and improvement of our service.

In order to collect data, we utilize several Google software packages to facilitate the process:

**Firebase Crashlytics**:

- Crashlytics monitors app use and reports if the app crashes. This report also includes information about the device model, version number, etc. 

**Google Analytics for Firebase**:

- Analytics monitors general app interaction to help us understand real-life use cases. This includes information such as operating system, device model, session durations, and user geography (only to city resolution). We also anonymously log specific user events through Analytics. For example, whenever a user begins to time a race, we record the number of athletes selected, the name of the race, and the number of splits the user takes. We also record when athletes are added (only the fact that an athlete was added, not the name of the athlete), or when new events are added or deleted. We also collect user preferences within LapSplit.

We want to additionally inform our Service users that Google has access to this information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. All Firebase data is stored in Google servers. For more information on their role, see the [Crashlytics Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/crashlytics), the [Analytics Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics), or their own [privacy statements](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy).

## Local Data
All other data collected or generated by the Service is stored locally, on the device itself. This includes athlete names, events, and all timing results.

## Security
We value your trust in providing us this information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13, and any information we do collect is not personally identifiable in any case. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.


